# Week-3 1st Meeting:
**Date** : Thursday, 17th march,2022 <br>
**Time** : 4:00 to 4:30 PM <br>
**Location** : Offline <br>

**Type of Meeting** : As phase-1 Layout features and design <br>

**Attendees** : All Group members <br>

 #### P Teja, Abhinay(311), M V Phaneedra(332), S Sathwik Reddy(366) <br>

**Agenda** : updation in Class diagram if any along with design process <br>
**Time Alocated** : 30min <br>
**Platform :** Class Room <br>
**Discussion** : <br>
Layout features and design part we discussed with all group members.<br>
We can work on our class diagram to add more scope into it.<br>
We try to meet on 18/03/2022 once again in class room. <br>

**status**: Meeting is successful

# Week-3 2nd meeting:

**Date** : Thursday, 18th march,2022
**Time** : 5:00 to 5:30 PM
**Location : Offline

**Type of Meeting** : As phase-2 discussion on work splitting
**Attendees** : All Group members

## P Teja, Abhinay(311), M V Phaneedra(332), S Sathwik Reddy(366), 

**Agenda*8 : Work Splitting and working on class diagram modifying's 
**Time Alocated : 30min
**Platform :** campus park
**Discussion** :
Layout features and work splitting .
Working on modfying class diagram.

**status**: Meeting is successful
## Codding Started 
## Status:
**>>Based on our ER diagram for backend ,trying functions by subba reddy and Sathwik reddy** <br>
**>>GUI are strted by me(Abhinay) and Phani that result in completion of Login page.**<br>
**>>One can watch our work in codeFiles folder**<br>

